When I started Foliovision, my idea was that
I wanted to create a company that I would
like to work in, and also a company that I
would like to be a client of.
If you ask me how is Foliovision making the
world a better place or how are we making
the web work for you, I would say that we use
all the open source and open standards so
our products are not going to lock you inside
of some box, like, in past we moved hundreds
of websites out of restrictive content management
system into Wordpress, into open source world.
The secret is that we are doing things differently
here. Our clients aren’t just numbers
for us, because we are crafting something personal
for each of them.
And this really makes a difference.
All of our clients have really great stories
and they all deserve to be told
so it’s up to me to find a way to tell them online.
We start by finding something special about the client
and then we turn this special thing
into something that’s a part of every marketing campaign we do.
We are a small and strong group of like-minded young professionals
trying to achieve our company's goal, which is to make our clients happier
and to make their daily life easier.
Quick reactions are very important to our clients. That is why we make
our services available at all times.
What making the web work for you means to
me is that whatever the level of technology
our clients come to us with, we will make
this sophisticated and ever-changing
internet technology accessible to them.
The part of my job is training clients to
actually use their new websites,
so I'm not just creating the websites for them, I also
guide them through
what the website does and how it works.
We have a plugin tracking the number of post or website shares.
Several social media channels have recently limited the access
to this data so we had to adjust our plugin -
and we were one of the first ones to accomplish this.
With FV Player we are doing the cutting edge
work, we haven’t seen some of our features
in any other product, for example the way
we improved the embedding for Youtube and
Vimeo so that you can use all of our advanced
features - I think that it’s pretty unique.
Some of our clients actually like to be very
involved on the technology side, but many
of them, actually they’re just publishers,
people who know a lot about cakes, or they’re
people who know a lot about baseball, or soccer,
or Middle Eastern politics, but they don’t
know very much about how Internet technology
works. But for all of them we’re able to
make it possible for them to publish at the
highest possible level with all the same tools
that the sites like The New York Times, or
the Guardian
or any of these other huge sites enjoy.